---
layout: post
title: Rules
author: great_plains_modding
date: 2018-07-19T10:07:32.000Z
intro_paragraph: ''
categories: Rules
---
Use common sense, be respectful. This is the number one rule for a reason.



No type of racism, slander, hate speech, discrimination, harassment or toxicity is allowed AT ALL. Respect your peers as stated in rule number one.



Keep the spamming to a minimum or not at all. It floods the chat. And this includes multi-lining, if you'd like to know what it is inquire with a staff member before you make that mistake.



NO ADVERTISEMENT is allowed on this server. Keep in mind that this means DM advertising will also be punished if you are found doing so. This can include all of the following but not limited to: Bot advertising, Social media advertising, Discord server advertising, Indirect advertising, Art or other forms of media production advertising.



Respect the staff team on the server. If you are asked to stop by one of the staff members then you are expected to stop.

Simply put, do not bring your outside drama onto our server. If you have a problem with another member, and would like to address it with them, move it to our forms.



NSFW or explicit content is NOT ALLOWED! Any sexual comments found to be posted by yourself can and likely will result in an immediate ban.



Keep all content in the correct channels. For example, bot command is in #bot-commands etc.



We do not condone any activities on our server that relate to DDosing, raiding or any violation of discord TOS or public law. If you are found to be discussing, or advertising such atrocities you will be warned.
